## Gas Stations

A company has N gas stations. Each week, their tanker truck performs the refueling operation, starting from the central fuel storage facility, passing through all the gas stations, and returning back to the facility. Help the driver of the tanker truck calculate the length of the shortest route they can take to perform the refueling operation.

### Input Format

On the first line, you will receive the number of tests - T. On the first line of each test, you will receive the number of gas stations N (the central facility is not included in N). On the next line, you will receive the shortest distances S0,j from the central facility to all the gas stations, sorted in ascending order of the gas station numbers. On the following N - 1 lines, you will receive the shortest distances Sk,j from the kth gas station (starting from the first in ascending order) to all the remaining N - K gas stations with higher numbers, sorted in ascending order of the gas station numbers. All roads are bidirectional. It is not possible to reach one gas station from another in a shorter distance than the one provided in the test data for the respective pair of gas stations.

### Constraints

- 1 ≤ T ≤ 10
- 1 ≤ N ≤ 17
- 1 ≤ Si,j (distance between two gas stations - integer) ≤ 1500

### Output Format

For each test, output on a separate line the length of the shortest path we can take to visit all the gas stations, starting from the central facility and ending back at it.

### Sample Input 0

```
1
4
11 13 22 7
15 18 17
11 11
22
```

### Sample Output 0

```
58
```

### Explanation 0

The shortest route passes through gas stations 1, 3, 2, and 4 and has a length of 11 + 18 + 11 + 11 + 7 = 58.
