## Krisi

In the multifunctional city where time and money often clash in the daily competitive dynamics, Krissy faces a challenge. She needs to cross the city quickly to attend an important event. The city's public transport serves S stops, numbered with integers from 1 to S, with L bus routes, each of which transports passengers between two stops. For each route, the starting stop X of the route, its final stop Y, the cost C for a single trip, and the duration T of the trip from X to Y in minutes are known. Kriss must travel from stop 1 to stop S in M minutes. She can purchase a subscription card that allows her to use any of the routes whose cost does not exceed the value of the card. Write a program that determines the cheapest price of the card that will allow her to reach the final destination within the allotted time.

### Input Format

- On the first line of the standard input, the number T of test cases that the program must solve will be given.
- Each test case starts with a line containing the integers S, L, and M.
- Each of the next L lines contains the parameters of the corresponding route – X, Y, C, and T.

### Constraints

- 1 <= N <= 10
- 2 <= S <= 10^5
- 1 <= X, Y <= 10^5
- 1 <= L, M, C, T <= 10^6

### Output Format

For each test case, on a separate line of the standard input, the program should output the minimum price of the card that will allow Krissy to travel from stop 1 to stop S in no more than M minutes. If reaching the destination within the given time is impossible at any price, then the program should output 0.

