## Horce

We will denote a string containing only opening and closing parentheses as a "parentheses string". A "correct parentheses string" is a "parentheses string" that meets the condition for placing parentheses in a mathematical expression, i.e., the number of opening parentheses is equal to the number of closing parentheses, and the number of opening parentheses from the beginning of the string up to any position is greater than or equal to the number of closing parentheses. We will denote a "horce of parentheses" as a "parentheses string" whose last symbol is connected to the first one, forming an infinite circular string. Example:

```
"Parentheses string":    

    ((()()))()

                  ==>

                                 "Horce of parentheses":

                                          (   
                                      )      (

                                   (            (

                                    )          )
                                       )     (
                                          )
                                          
```

Here, the topmost opening parenthesis of the horce corresponds to the first such parenthesis in the string. Your task is to calculate how many places a given "horce of parentheses" can be broken at so that the resulting "parentheses strings" (each containing all the parentheses from the horce in the order specified by it) are "correct parentheses strings."

### Input Format

On the first line, you will receive the number of test cases T. On the next T lines, you will receive "parentheses strings" (one per line) forming T "horces of parentheses".

### Constraints

- 1 <= T <= 6
- 1 <= length of each horce <= 1,000,000 (10^6)

### Output Format

For each input "horce of parentheses", output the number of places where it can be broken so that the resulting "parentheses strings" are "correct parentheses strings" and each one contains all the symbols from the horce in the order specified by it.

### Sample Input 0

```
2
(()))
((()()))()
```

### Sample Output 0

```
0
2
```

### Explanation

The first horce cannot be split correctly because the number of closing parentheses is greater than the number of opening ones. The second horce can be split into two places: before the first character of its input "parentheses string" and after the eighth character. This results in the "correct parentheses strings" ((()()))() and ()((()()))().
